LICENSE
README.md
setup.py
ochre/Analysis.py
ochre/CreateFigures.py
ochre/Dwelling.py
ochre/Simulator.py
ochre/__init__.py
ochre/../defaults/ASHRAE152_climate_data.csv
ochre/../defaults/ASHRAE152_zone_temperatures.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Multispeed Parameters.csv
ochre/../defaults/Simple Schedule Parameters.csv
ochre/../defaults/Variable names and units.csv
ochre/../defaults/ZIP Parameters.csv
ochre/../defaults/Battery/default_parameters.csv
ochre/../defaults/Battery/degradation_curves.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/EV Profiles.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh1_Level0.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh1_Level1.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh1_Level2.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh2_Level1.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh2_Level2.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh3_Level1.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh3_Level2.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh4_Level1.csv
ochre/../defaults/EV/pdf_Veh4_Level2.csv
ochre/../defaults/Envelope/Envelope Boundaries.csv
ochre/../defaults/Envelope/Envelope Boundary Types.csv
ochre/../defaults/Envelope/Envelope Materials.csv
ochre/../defaults/Gas Generator/default_parameters.csv
ochre/../defaults/Gas Generator/efficiency_curve.csv
ochre/../defaults/Gas Generator/efficiency_curve2.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Cooling/Biquadratic ASHP Cooler.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Cooling/Biquadratic Air Conditioner.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Cooling/Biquadratic MSHP Cooler.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Cooling/Biquadratic Room AC.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Heating/Biquadratic ASHP Heater.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Heating/Biquadratic Heat Pump Heater.csv
ochre/../defaults/HVAC Heating/Biquadratic MSHP Heater.csv
ochre/../defaults/Input Files/OCHRE.csv
ochre/../defaults/Input Files/OCHRE.json
ochre/../defaults/Input Files/OCHRE_complete
ochre/../defaults/Input Files/OCHRE_hourly.csv
ochre/../defaults/Input Files/OCHRE_metrics.csv
ochre/../defaults/Input Files/sample_resstock_properties.xml
ochre/../defaults/Input Files/sample_resstock_schedule.csv
ochre/../defaults/OSW Templates/Minimal_building.csv
ochre/../defaults/OSW Templates/Minimal_building.osw
ochre/../defaults/OSW Templates/walls_R7.osw
ochre/../defaults/Other/widget_pdf.csv
ochre/../defaults/Other/widget_schedule.csv
ochre/../defaults/PV/sam_weather_header.csv
ochre/../defaults/PV/test_pv_schedule.csv
ochre/../defaults/Water Heating/default_paramters.csv
ochre/../defaults/Weather/CA_RIVERSIDE_MUNI_722869_12.epw
ochre/../defaults/Weather/CO_FORT-COLLINS-LOVELAND-AP_724769S_18.epw
ochre/../defaults/Weather/FortCollins_NSRDB.csv
ochre/../defaults/Weather/USA_CO_Denver.Intl.AP.725650_TMY3.epw
ochre/../defaults/Weather/sample_SAM_weather.csv
ochre/Equipment/Battery.py
ochre/Equipment/EV.py
ochre/Equipment/Equipment.py
ochre/Equipment/EventBasedLoad.py
ochre/Equipment/Generator.py
ochre/Equipment/HVAC.py
ochre/Equipment/PV.py
ochre/Equipment/ScheduledLoad.py
ochre/Equipment/WaterHeater.py
ochre/Equipment/WetAppliance.py
ochre/Equipment/__init__.py
ochre/Models/Envelope.py
ochre/Models/Humidity.py
ochre/Models/RCModel.py
ochre/Models/StateSpaceModel.py
ochre/Models/Water.py
ochre/Models/__init__.py
ochre/utils/__init__.py
ochre/utils/base.py
ochre/utils/envelope.py
ochre/utils/equipment.py
ochre/utils/hpxml.py
ochre/utils/schedule.py
ochre/utils/units.py
ochre_nrel.egg-info/PKG-INFO
ochre_nrel.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
ochre_nrel.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
ochre_nrel.egg-info/requires.txt
ochre_nrel.egg-info/top_level.txt