"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new Network Firewall Policy.


Usage
=====

   oci network-firewall network-firewall-policy create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment containing the NetworkFirewall Policy.


Optional Parameters
===================

--application-lists [complex type]

Map defining application lists of the policy. The value of an entry is
a list of “applications”, each consisting of a protocol identifier
(such as TCP, UDP, or ICMP) and protocol-specific parameters (such as
a port range). The associated key is the identifier by which the
application list is referenced. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--decryption-profiles [complex type]

Map defining decryption profiles of the policy. The value of an entry
is a decryption profile. The associated key is the identifier by which
the decryption profile is referenced.

This option is a JSON dictionary of type dict(str, DecryptionProfile).
For documentation on DecryptionProfile please see our API reference: 
https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/networkfirewall/20211001/datat
ypes/DecryptionProfile. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--decryption-rules [complex type]

List of Decryption Rules defining the behavior of the policy. The
first rule with a matching condition determines the action taken upon
network traffic.

This option is a JSON list with items of type DecryptionRule.  For
documentation on DecryptionRule please see our API reference: https:/
/docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/networkfirewall/20211001/datatypes/De
cryptionRule. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly optional name for the firewall policy. Avoid entering
confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--ip-address-lists [complex type]

Map defining IP address lists of the policy. The value of an entry is
a list of IP addresses or prefixes in CIDR notation. The associated
key is the identifier by which the IP address list is referenced. This
is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--mapped-secrets [complex type]

Map defining secrets of the policy. The value of an entry is a “mapped
secret” consisting of a purpose and source. The associated key is the
identifier by which the mapped secret is referenced.

This option is a JSON dictionary of type dict(str, MappedSecret).  For
documentation on MappedSecret please see our API reference: https://d
ocs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/networkfirewall/20211001/datatypes/Mapp
edSecret. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--security-rules [complex type]

List of Security Rules defining the behavior of the policy. The first
rule with a matching condition determines the action taken upon
network traffic.

This option is a JSON list with items of type SecurityRule.  For
documentation on SecurityRule please see our API reference: https://d
ocs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/networkfirewall/20211001/datatypes/Secu
rityRule. This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--url-lists [complex type]

Map defining URL pattern lists of the policy. The value of an entry is
a list of URL patterns. The associated key is the identifier by which
the URL pattern list is referenced. This is a complex type whose value
must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED, WAITING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/network-firewall/network-firewall-policy/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id

       oci network-firewall network-firewall-policy create --compartment-id $compartment_id
