LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
src/sticker_convert/__init__.py
src/sticker_convert/__main__.py
src/sticker_convert/cli.py
src/sticker_convert/flow.py
src/sticker_convert/gui.py
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/requires.txt
src/sticker_convert.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/sticker_convert/auth/get_kakao_auth.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/get_line_auth.py
src/sticker_convert/auth/get_signal_auth.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_base.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_kakao.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_line.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_signal.py
src/sticker_convert/downloaders/download_telegram.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/comp_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/config_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/control_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/cred_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/input_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/output_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/progress_frame.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_frames/right_clicker.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_windows/advanced_compression_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_windows/base_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_windows/kakao_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_windows/line_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/gui_windows/signal_get_auth_window.py
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/.gitignore
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/README.md
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/.github/FUNDING.yml
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers/Info.plist
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Info.plist
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 1.sticker/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 1.sticker/Sticker 1.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 2.sticker/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 2.sticker/Sticker 2.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 3.sticker/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/Sticker Pack.stickerpack/Sticker 3.sticker/Sticker 3.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/App-Store-1024x1024pt.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Contents.json
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-App-Store-1024x768pt.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPad-67x50pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPad-Pro-74x55pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPhone-60x45pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages-iPhone-60x45pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages27x20pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages27x20pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages32x24pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/Messages32x24pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/iPad-Settings-29pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/iPhone-Settings-29pt@3x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers StickerPackExtension/Stickers.xcstickers/iMessage App Icon.stickersiconset/iPhone-settings-29pt@2x.png
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/contents.xcworkspacedata
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/xcshareddata/IDEWorkspaceChecks.plist
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/xcuserdata/niklaspeterson.xcuserdatad/UserInterfaceState.xcuserstate
src/sticker_convert/ios-message-stickers-template/stickers.xcodeproj/xcuserdata/niklaspeterson.xcuserdatad/xcschemes/xcschememanagement.plist
src/sticker_convert/resources/NotoColorEmoji.ttf
src/sticker_convert/resources/appicon.icns
src/sticker_convert/resources/appicon.ico
src/sticker_convert/resources/appicon.png
src/sticker_convert/resources/compression.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/emoji.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/help.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/input.json
src/sticker_convert/resources/output.json
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/compress_wastickers.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/upload_base.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/upload_signal.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/upload_telegram.py
src/sticker_convert/uploaders/xcode_imessage.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/apple_png_normalize.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/cache_store.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/codec_info.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/converter.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/curr_dir.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/fake_cb_msg.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/format_verify.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/gui_utils.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/json_manager.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/metadata_handler.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/run_bin.py
src/sticker_convert/utils/url_detect.py